---
title: "Projects"
date: 2019-05-10T13:29:41+01:00
draft: false
---

# SVG Interfaces

<img class="special-img-class" style="width:20%;height:20%" src="/assets/control_graphic.svg" />

SVG Interfaces is an on going project exploring the design and implementation of
custom controller interfaces, bridging the issue of user mapping between action
and sound in interactive music systems.

More information can be found [here]({{< ref "/svg_interfaces_src/svg_interfaces" >}}).

# Notions of Time

Music provides a means to explore time by sequencing musical events in a
seemingly endless and expressive way. This potential seems to far exceed the
ability of digital systems to enable composers and performers to fully explore
musical time due to the influence of Western musical traditions on
implementation. In this work we look at ways to allow exploration of time
within a musical context, looking to create tangible examples and methods for
exploring complex rhythmic relationships. 

More information can be found [here]({{< ref "/not_src/not" >}}).

# Muses Audio

The Muses audio platform supports multiple sequencers, audio synthesis engines,
effect sends, and a 4 track style digital tape recorder. We have developed Muses
as a research platform for studying the design and implementation of Digital
Musicial Instruments (DMIs). A recent screen shot is shown below:

<img class="special-img-class" style="width:50%;height:50%" src="/assets/muses-screen-shot.png" />

For the most part it is written in the systems programming language Rust,
supported by DSP code written in ÃŸthe functional programming language Faust. The
architecture is modular in design supporting audio engines, for both synthesis
and effects processing, to be added easily. 

The Muses audio and effect engines are developed in the DSP functional
programming language Faust, which is a small functional DSL capable of
generating C++ and Rust, along with a selection of other backends. As standard
in audio applications a high priority thread is utilized for audio, along with
threads for handling the UI and input via Open Sound Control (OSC) and/or MIDI.
For most cases our focus is currently on use OSC.

The project is still in very active development and we have not yet made the
source public, but all things going well we plan to do this by the end of summer
2019.

# DSP, Faust and Arrows

The application of functional programming to the field of Digitial Signal
Processing is an active area of research.

# Physcial Modeling with Drums and GPUs 

<img class="special-img-class" style="width:50%;height:50%" src="/assets/plugin_interface.png" />
